add support for electric must-refetch (#412)
TanStack/db: .changeset/electric-must-refetch.md

---
"@tanstack/electric-db-collection": patch
---

> Add must-refetch message handling to clear synced data and reset collection to loading state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add must-refetch message handling to clear synced data and re-sync collection data from server.
```
